Clarify that the password is a string and not a plain token as the username (#1303)
neo4j/neo4j-documentation: cypher/cypher-docs/src/docs/dev/ql/administration/security/user-management-syntax.asciidoc

| [source, cypher, role=noplay]
----

> ALTER CURRENT USER SET PASSWORD FROM 'original' TO 'password'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ALTER CURRENT USER SET PASSWORD FROM 'password' TO 'new_password'
```
